#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiobotocore==2.5.2
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
botocore==1.29.161
    # via aiobotocore
bounded-pool-executor==0.0.3
    # via pqdm
cartopy==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cftime==1.6.2
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
earthaccess==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   earthaccess
    #   s3fs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.0.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.24.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.6.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cartopy
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multimethod==1.9.1
    # via earthaccess
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
netcdf4==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cartopy
    #   cftime
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
    #   xarray
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   xarray
pandas==2.0.3
    # via xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.8.1
    # via jupyter-core
pqdm==0.2.0
    # via earthaccess
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproj==3.6.0
    # via cartopy
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via cartopy
python-cmr==0.8.0
    # via earthaccess
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.29.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   earthaccess
    #   python-cmr
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.8.10
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3fs==2023.6.0
    # via earthaccess
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shapely==2.0.1
    # via cartopy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tinynetrc==1.3.1
    # via earthaccess
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via pqdm
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   aioitertools
    #   ipython
    #   pqdm
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via aiobotocore
xarray==2023.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.16.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
